
High end glass speaker
The Cube T
Unique glass enclosure structure free of vibrations and cavity resonances in the air volume throughout the bandwidth of the bass-/midrange driver; results in unparalleled purity and precision of sound
The Cube T Speaker
As a longtime specialist for glass design we have joined efforts with international audio experts and proudly present a glass speaker system which is not only a visual highlight but plays at the top of the high-end audio league. By employing a specially developed holistic concept that is sonically optimized in every possible way, glass has become the ideal structural material for this revolutionary high end audio solution. Sound and appearance unite to a unique symbiosis that redefines the state of the art – not only when it comes to design.
Facts
Glass enclosures
Glass has three excellent properties for utilizing as cabinet material the stiffness, the density yielding inertia and the neutral reflection of the audio wave on the glass without coloration. It has however one horrible property energy storage and ringing. 

Force canceling drivers
By directly coupling the magneticstructure of the drivers we can virtually eliminate vibration transfer to the cabinet and using the SSG (Super Silent Glass) philosophy we can even further eliminate vibrations.

Placing the drivers optimally in the enclosure and paying miniscule attention to the dimensions of each compartment we can push the resonance modes up way outside the passband.

Internal modes pushed x8 and x16
As an example moving the midrange driver placement as little as 1 cm in one dimension would lower the push from 8x to 4x.

Custom drivers
Developing custom drivers for the midrange with components like titanium voice coil former extra long stroke voice coil keeping it in the magnet gap super stiff aluminum cone with first cone resonance way outside the passband.

The magnetic motor assembly utilizes copper elements to minimize non-linear distortions.

The subwoofer also utilizes similar technics.

X-over and cabling
The x-over frequency was wisely chosen at 900 Hz to be in the optimal x-over band 900-1600 Hz and taking into consideration of the passband for the midrange compartment.

The X-over components used is top line Mundorf chosen after extensive listening sessions.

Omni-directional bass AND mid-range with a cardioid like super wide tweeter.

Recommended sales price
60.000 € (Pair)