High end glass speaker
The Cube S
Unique glass enclosure structure free of vibrations and cavity resonances in the air volume throughout the bandwidth of the bass-/midrange driver; results in unparalleled purity and precision of sound.

The Cube S Speaker
As a longtime specialist for glass design we have joined efforts with international audio experts and proudly present a glass speaker system which is not only a visual highlight but plays at the top of the high-end audio league. By employing a specially developed holistic concept that is sonically optimized in every possible way, glass has become the ideal structural material for this revolutionary high end audio solution. Sound and appearance unite to a unique symbiosis that redefines the state of the art – not only when it comes to design.
Facts
Frequency response 
Below 30Hz in room (depending on room properties and positioning of speakers and listener, -6dB @ 50Hz anechoic 4pi, 12dB/octave roll off) to 25kHz (-5dB)

Typical THD 
Below 0.3% @ 96dB throughout critical midrange and treble 

Radiation pattern 
True 4pi monopole point source below 700Hz, 2pi point source above 1,2kHz, traversing in-between 

Treble (1 per channel)
(Extremely wide bandwidth, ultra-high quality tweeter with coated 35mm fabric dome. Top plate and T-yoke of the strong Neodymium magnet system are CNC machined for lowest distortion and excellent precision. Pole piece and voice coil former are ventilated into a rear chamber made of rigid metal in order to prevent cavity resonance and noise. 

Bass -/ Midrange (2 per channel) 
Specially developed proprietary 7“ Aluminum-Cone driver with low inductance linear magnetic drive due to heavy copper rings below and above the pole piece, extremely low mechanical losses, non-conductive voice coil former. Resonances and energy storage way outside passband. Very long stroke design (linear 14mm p-p, max. 22mm p-p) 

Impedance 
4 Ohm 

Sensitivity 
86dB 2.83V @ 1m (anechoic 4pi). Maximum dynamic output SPL approx. 112dB.

Power handling 
100W, short term 250W, 1000W impulse 

Crossover 
High quality Mundorf foil capacitors and air core coils in separate chamber, isolated from structural vibrations and the air pressure inside the enclosure. 

Dimensions 
Approx. 25cm x 27cm x 37cm (w x d x h) 

Weight 
Approx. 21 kg 

Recommended sales price
14.000 € (Pair)